content/projects/spotify-react.md, before:

---
title: "Spotify React"
date: 2022-11-30T22:38:17-07:00
draft: false
author: "Ryan Zimmerman"
tags: ["personal-project"]
showToc: false
description: "React Client for Spotify, final project for CS499 - Advanced Web Development"
cover:
    image: "/spotify-0.png"
    alt: "Spotify React Screenshot"
disableShare: true
---
[GitHub](https://github.com/zimmerry/spotify-react)

Spotify React was built using NodeJS, ReactJS, the [Spotify Web API](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/), and the [Spotify Web Playback SDK](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/)

It was created with a team of 2 other Computer Science students for CS499 - Advanced Web Development at Oregon State University.

<!-- Its functions include:
    - Authenticating with Spotify accounts using OAUTH tokens
    - Searching for Artists and Songs
    - Viewing Artist Details
    - Viewing song details and lyrics
    - Liking and unliking songs
    - Viewing users' Liked Songs, Followed Artists, and Playlists
    - Play music with the Web Playback SDK -->

Commit message:

Finalize spotify react project page and images

content/projects/spotify-react.md, after:

---
title: "Spotify React"
date: 2022-11-30T22:38:17-07:00
draft: false
author: "Ryan Zimmerman"
tags: ["personal-project"]
showToc: false
description: "React Client for Spotify, final project for CS499 - Advanced Web Development"
cover:
    image: "/spotify-0.png"
    alt: "Spotify React Screenshot"
disableShare: true
---
[GitHub](https://github.com/zimmerry/spotify-react)

Spotify React was built using NodeJS, ReactJS, the [Spotify Web API](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/), and the [Spotify Web Playback SDK](https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-playback-sdk/)

It was created with a team of 2 other Computer Science students for CS499 - Advanced Web Development at Oregon State University.

Its functions include:
- Authenticating with Spotify accounts using OAUTH tokens
- Searching for Artists and Songs
- Viewing Artist Details
- Viewing song details and lyrics
- Liking and unliking songs
- Viewing users' Liked Songs, Followed Artists, and Playlists
- Play music with the Web Playback SDK

![Spotify React Login Page](/spotify-1.png)

![Spotify React Playback](/spotify-2.png)
